To begin my soundscape, I wanted to lay down some of the atmospheric noise before I started incorporating dialogue and incidental noises. As such, I began by recording wind, since my story takes place on a backpacking trip through a high-elevation area. I was originally just going to step outside to record wind, as there was quite a blizzard going on at the time. However, realizing that I might catch some atmospheric/other outside noise such as cars driving along the road, which can be quite loud (I live on a busy street) and given the fact that I live in a densely populated area where it is difficult to get away from this noise without driving 20-30 minutes away (and considering the blizzard, I wasn’t about to do that), I had to create some artificial wind.

I began recording my wind by simply pressing record and blowing into the computer microphone. I then duplicated the audio, put a reverse effect on it, and looped the whole thing for 2 minutes. I then used a pitch effect to bring the pitch of the audio down, adjusted the bass/treble levels, fixed clipping within the audio, and crossfaded to get rid of any accidental noise at the beginning/end of the clip in order to get to my desired result. I think it sounds a fair amount like wind now!

I then wanted to incorporate other atmospheric noises. I pulled a cicada/crickets noise from Freesounds that I would use to signal that it was the later part of the night where it is quiet enough to hear that. I also have a couple of bear noises, as well as a footprints noise, all pulled from Freesounds, as well, that are meant to portend the arrival of the bear in the narrative.

This is all actually supposed to be towards the middle/end of the narrative, but there were some sounds for the beginning (for example, a fire sound) that I want to create myself and wasn’t able to in time for class, so this seemed like a good place to start!
